I'm just your normal, run-of-the-mill 36 year old undergraduate. (Read: I'm not normal by any stretch of the imagination.)

Yes reader, that's right! Just like the rest of you, I've finally attained the dream of accumulating proportional amounts of knowledge and debt. It's been a ridiculously hard road and I'm grateful to be where I am, but the whole school thing has been kinda wearing thin lately. Looking forward to graduating and getting on with life.

Reformed perennial fuckup.

Words people have used to describe me: earnest, silly, honest, adorable, fun.

Words I use to describe myself: intelligent, foolish, FEMINIST (loud and proud), willful/stubborn, generous.

I don't drink. I have fun.

"There, peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land, and hope returned to him. For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach."

Captain Jack is my spirit animal.
What I’m doing with my life
Skateboarding Oh fuck, it's winter. Pas de skating pour moi.
It's summer! Time to shred!
Ow. (Dislocated shoulder)

Spending my days studying mathematics, programming, art, design, and french. The last one surprised me, too.

Spending my nights watching Thrasher videos over and over and over again.

Doing freelance work while working on my own coding projects.

Spent the summer coding a digital game for an interactive theater piece.

Spending the winter making hardware to save the world. NBD

Really, I just sit in my room and make cool shit. Then hope people will pay me for it someday.

Trying to become less serious, more fun, and consistently intelligent.

(Currently, succeeding in two out of the three.)
I’m really good at
surprising you.
The first things people usually notice about me
That I don't look my age. Then realize that I don't act my age, either.
Favorite books, movies, shows, music, and food
Music: The Specials, Chelsea Light Moving, Dead Milkmen, Megadeth, Nirvana, Dead Kennedy's, Sonic Youth, Elliott Smith, Man or Astro-Man?, Pavement, Violent Femmes, The Pillows, Gary Numan, Beck, Wu Tang, Jefferson Airplane, Iron Maiden, Mountain Goats, Descendents, Screaming Females, Metallica, The Doors, Agent Orange, 80's/90's rap, etc, etc, etc.... I listen to tons of stuff, but my favorite genres are surf-rock, punk/metal/hc, and folk.

Currently listening to a of Smashing Pumpkins and Hunters. It's summer after all.

TV: Black Books, Children's Hospital, MST3k, Arrested Development, Kids in the Hall, Firefly, Game of Thrones, etc.

Movies: Liquid Sky, After Hours, Heathers, FDR: An American Badass!, Conan: The Barbarian (seriously under appreciated, this is a quality flick), any skate vids.

Books: I love reading pulp sci-fi, especially short stories.

The Maxx, Watchmen, Sandman, etc.

My favorite sci-fi authors are Sturgeon, LeGuin, Heinlein, Douglas Adams, Vonnegut, etc. Otherwise, I like DFW, George Saunders, Borges, and classic authors (Hawthorne, Poe, Conrad, etc).

Currently reading: The Sirens of Titan (Vonnegut) Martian Time-Slip (Phillip K Dick) The Aleph (Borges) Snow Crash (Stephenson).

Food: No gluten. No dairy. No alcohol.
The six things I could never do without
-very patient waiters
-skateboard
-pavement
-computer
-friends
-family

BONUS: symmetry
I spend a lot of time thinking about
...whatever code I'm currently stuck on.
...how to make deep, meaningful games that are fun and emotional.
...what I'll do when I graduate?
...when the fuck will I graduate?
...what it means to be a Feminist.
...what it means to be a male Feminist.
...how 'Male Feminist' is complete bullshit.
...starting a band.
...my next meal....
On a typical Friday night I am
Netflix and takeout, or getting your party on — how do you let loose?
The most private thing I’m willing to admit
I read profiles from the bottom up. That does include looking at pictures last.

longboards suck!

I have a thing for androgynous ladies.
You should message me if
...you like punk/surf/garage music and want to go to DIY shows.

...your idea for a good time involves something other than seeing the inside of a bar. (But, if you ask me nicely I'll gladly come along)

...you're Watts from Some Kind of Wonderful.

...you wanna skate!

(Seriously folks. Not looking for pen pals. If I send you messages it means I want to meet you for real)